CCO: Explicit mode support (#25729)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

|The number of control plane machines to provision.
|A positive integer greater than or equal to `3`. The default value is `3`.

|`credentialsMode`

> |The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) mode. If no mode is specified, the CCO defaults to running in mint mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) mode. If no mode is specified, the CCO will dynamically try to determine the capabilities of the provided credentials with a preference for mint mode.
```

[NOTE]
====
Not all CCO modes are supported for all cloud providers. For more information on 
CCO modes, see the xref:../../operators/operator-reference.adoc#cloud-credential-operator_red-hat-operators[Cloud Credential Operator] page.
====

> |`Mint`, `Passthrough`, or `Manual`.

Reviewer: Also valid to have the default empty string "" (for CCO to dynamically determine the credentials capabilities).

|The number of control plane machines to provision.
|A positive integer greater than or equal to `3`. The default value is `3`.

|`credentialsMode`

> |The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) mode. If no mode is specified, the CCO dynamically tries to determine the capabilities of the provided credentials, with a preference for mint mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) mode. If no mode is specified, the CCO dynamically tries to determine the capabilities of the provided credentials, with a preference for mint mode on the platforms where multiple modes are supported.
```

[NOTE]
====
Not all CCO modes are supported for all cloud providers. For more information on

> CCO modes, see the xref:../../operators/operator-reference.adoc#cloud-credential-operator_red-hat-operators[Cloud Credential Operator] page.

Reviewer 2: This `xref` cannot be in the module, unfortunately.

I've been dumping mine under an _Additional resources_ header in the assembly, although it isn't ideal.
